Sister, make it clear
So what's going on?
Tan Guohua uses your pawn shop
Conduct black transactions
If the transaction records can be found
He must go to jail
Are you sure?
Yes, as long as the transaction chain can be found
Shunteng can uproot the Tang family by scraping it
Do you mean to say
The Tang family deliberately created this accident
Just to destroy the evidence
Exactly.
Can you send me the transaction record?
Can you give me the transaction records one by one?
Brother Lu, except for his parents
You are the best to me.
I believe you.
If you came to kill me too
I admit strange
Obviously my classmate
When did he get along so well with Lu Xiao?
Silly boy don't think too much
Get well
Brother Jiu, I had a car accident.
Hey, are you here?
That's fine.
What third wife, please explain it to me clearly
Uh uh uh I was wrong about that
It's mine, my three elders
Who is your third wife?
By the way, what's going on, rice?
Didn't I ask you to protect Shen Yiyi?
How could anything happen?
It's that Tang Guohua. I can't respond to him looking for trouble.
He has this Dragon City as his backer
Honestly, which side are you helping?